Update on-demand-history-recovery-configuration.md (#77)
osisoft/PI-Adapter-OPC-UA-Docs: content/main/shared-content/configuration/history-recovery/on-demand-history-recovery-configuration.md

Parameter | Type| Description
---------|----------|---------
 **Id** | `string` | The Id of the history recovery<br><br> **Note:** You cannot run multiple history recoveries with the same Id.

>  **StartTime** | `datetime` | Time when the first data items are collected.<br><br> **Note:** Timestamps are interpreted into the Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) time standard. OSIsoft recommends the following format for entering a startTime in a curl command: *YYYY-MM-DD*T*HH:MM:SS*Z. If not in a UTC format, the timestamp is interpreted as the local time of the adapter.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 **StartTime** | `datetime` | Time when the first data items are collected.<br><br> **Note:** Timestamps are interpreted into the Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) time standard. OSIsoft recommends the following format for entering a startTime as UTC in a curl command: *YYYY-MM-DD*T*HH:MM:SS*Z. <br><br>**Note:** If a timestamp is not specified in UTC, the adapter assumes it is in local time and will interpret the timestamp to UTC. For example, a timestamp of "2022-05-23T11:00" will be interpreted as "2022-05-23T11:00-07:00" if the adapter is in PDT time (UTC -7:00).
```

Reviewer: Added a suggested change @akiaei per our comments.

>  **StartTime** | `datetime` | Time when the first data items are collected.<br><br> **Note:** Timestamps are interpreted into the Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) time standard. OSIsoft recommends the following format for entering a startTime as UTC in a curl command: *YYYY-MM-DD*T*HH:MM:SS*Z. <br><br>**Note:** If a timestamp is not specified in UTC, the adapter assumes it is in local time and will interpret the timestamp to UTC. For example, a timestamp of "2022-05-23T11:00" will be interpreted as "2022-05-23T11:00-07:00" if the adapter is in PDT time (UTC -7:00).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 **StartTime** | `datetime` | Time when the first data items are collected.<br><br>**Note:** Timestamps are interpreted into the Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) time standard.<br><br>To specify a timestamp in UTC standard, use the following format in a curl command: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ.<br>To specify a timestamp in the local time of the PI Adapter, use the following format in a curl command: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.
```

>  **EndTime** | `datetime`| Time when the last data items are collected.<br><br> **Note:** Timestamps are interpreted into the Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) time standard. OSIsoft recommends the following format for entering a endTime in a curl command: *YYYY-MM-DD*T*HH:MM:SS*Z. If not in a UTC format, the timestamp is interpreted as the local time of the adapter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 **EndTime** | `datetime`| Time when the last data items are collected.<br><br> **Note:** Timestamps are interpreted into the Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) time standard. OSIsoft recommends the following format for entering a endTime as UTC in a curl command: *YYYY-MM-DD*T*HH:MM:SS*Z. <br><br>**Note:** If a timestamp is not specified in UTC, the adapter assumes it is in local time and will interpret the timestamp to UTC. For example, a timestamp of "2022-05-25T12:00" will be interpreted as "2022-05-25T12:00-07:00" if the adapter is in PDT time (UTC -7:00).
```

>  **EndTime** | `datetime`| Time when the last data items are collected.<br><br> **Note:** Timestamps are interpreted into the Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) time standard. OSIsoft recommends the following format for entering a endTime as UTC in a curl command: *YYYY-MM-DD*T*HH:MM:SS*Z. <br><br>**Note:** If a timestamp is not specified in UTC, the adapter assumes it is in local time and will interpret the timestamp to UTC. For example, a timestamp of "2022-05-25T12:00" will be interpreted as "2022-05-25T12:00-07:00" if the adapter is in PDT time (UTC -7:00).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 **EndTime** | `datetime`| Time when the last data items are collected.<br><br> **Note:** Timestamps are interpreted into the Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) time standard.<br><br>To specify a timestamp in UTC standard, use the following format in a curl command: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ.<br>To specify a timestamp in the local time of the PI Adapter, use the following format in a curl command: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.
```
